# Link Web

Acting as the web interface, Link Web is bundled using fuse-box and should be pretty straightforward to get started!

## Getting Started

Get started by installing dependencies:

`npm install` (or `yarn` if you have yarn installed)

And to run the web server use the command:

`node fuse.js`

By default this will point at `http://localhost:3030` for the core service, but in the event you need to change this simply edit `src/config/dev.js` and restart the server

## Course Requirements

### Presentation

Hopefully you don't mind that I deviated from the demo layout considerably, but I wanted to keep building on top of this later on.

### Timestamps

Timestamps are all generated by the server via hooks, and attached to both users and messages. These are formatted on the client using `moment.js`

### Nicknames

Users are assigned a random nickname when they first join the pool of users, and this random nickname is actually a uuid generated by the server via `node-uuid`. Messages are all shown with the nicknames at the top of the message box

### Scroll Up Text

All the chat messages are rendered at the bottom of the chat body using flex, and every time the chat body is re-rendered it is scrolled to the bottom. Admittedly not the ideal way to do it (annoying if it scrolls every time you receive a msg), but I don't have time to implement it.

### Chat Log History

All previous messages should be saved in history, and you should see all previous messages directed to you (even while offline) when you open up the application.

### Display Current Users

All users (online and offline) are rendered in a list on the left, sorted by your most recent interaction w/ them (including their creation time). You can use the fuzzy search at the top to search the list of users, and can see which users are online/offline via a small status circle underneath the timestamp. White is online, dim is offline. This list is dynamic and will be updated as new users are created.

### Change Nickname

You can easily change your nickname via the `/nick <name>` command. It should alert you if you choose a name that's already been taken via a `toastr` notification. This will automatically update your user for yourself and all other users.

### Change Color

I went a little off script w/ the command by accident, you can use `/rgb RRRGGGBBB` to update your users color. All subsequent messages sent from your user will have the background color you have chosen. When you first join the user pool you will be assigned a random color to keep things fresh. Text color should change to maximize accessibility depending on your chosen color :octocat:

### Bold Messages

Although I did not bold messages, I aligned the current users messages to the right and all others to the left (like a typical 1:1 chat). I hope this falls into the category of otherwise stylized.

### Cookies

When the application is started for the first time it generates a new user and stores the userId in a cookie lasting 365 days. All subsequent uses of the application will use this user id instead of generating a new user. 

### Additional Requirements

- Should support as many users as the host machine is capable of
- Has been tested in both Chrome and FF
- Has been tested on Linux (Ubuntu 16.04)
- Both repositories are public
